add troubleshooting section specifically for vcl deletion issue (#370)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/setup/configuration/content-delivery-network.mdx

![Commerce base URL](@images/implementation/commerce-base-url.png)

## Troubleshooting

<Aside type="note" title="It's confusing - we get it">
Fastly VCL and CDN configuration can be a bit overwhelming at first. Here's a collection of troubleshooting steps that might help you if you have problems.
</Aside>

> ### Fastly API Quick Reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fastly API quick reference
```

> With your Fastly API Token you can make requests against the Fastly API for information or data that may be otherwise unaccessible. You can find your API Token in your Commerce Admin view under **Stores** > **Settings** > **Configuration** > **Advanced** > **System** > **Full Page Cache** > **Fastly Configuration**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With your Fastly API Token you can make requests against the Fastly API for information or data that may be otherwise inaccessible. You can find your API Token in your Commerce Admin view under **Stores** > **Settings** > **Configuration** > **Advanced** > **System** > **Full Page Cache** > **Fastly Configuration**.
```

> Here's a quick reference of things you can do with your API Token. More details can be found on [Fastly's API docs](https://www.fastly.com/documentation/reference/api/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a quick reference of things you can do with your API Token. See [Fastly's API documentation](https://www.fastly.com/documentation/reference/api/) for more details.
```

```bash
# retrieve active version
curl -H "Fastly-Key: API_TOKEN" "https://api.fastly.com/service/SERVICE_ID/version"

# retrieve full, generated VCL
curl -H "Fastly-Key: API_TOKEN" "https://api.fastly.com/service/SERVICE_ID/version/VERSION/generated_vcl"

# retrieve all snippets
curl -H "Fastly-Key: API_TOKEN" "https://api.fastly.com/service/SERVICE_ID/version/VERSION/snippet"
```

> ### Missing Snippets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Missing snippets
```

> Fastly maintains a "version" of your snippets remotely on their servers. These versions are never pulled "down" to your Commerce Environment, but can be "pushed" from your environment to Fastly. Unintentional local changes can therefore cause things to become out of sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fastly maintains a "version" of your snippets remotely on their servers. These versions are never pulled "down" to your Commerce environment, but can be "pushed" from your environment to Fastly. Unintentional local changes can cause things to become out of sync.
```

> For example, renaming a snippet actually creates a new snippet with the new name, and does not delete the old one. Thus you should not rename snippets unless you must. See [this issue](https://github.com/fastly/fastly-magento2/issues/708) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, renaming a snippet actually creates a new snippet with the new name, and does not delete the old one. You should not rename snippets unless you must. See [this issue](https://github.com/fastly/fastly-magento2/issues/708) for more information.
```

> Another issue is that custom VCL snippets are kept on your environment in `var/vcl_snippets_custom/`. If that folder or contents are deleted, then you will be unable to view, edit, or modify the snippets even though they remain active in Fastly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your environment stores custom VCL snippets in the `var/vcl_snippets_custom/` directory. If you delete that directory or its contents, you will not be able to view, edit, or modify the snippets, even though they remain active in Fastly."
```
